docs: add release notes for 5.10.0 (#1109)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.10.0]]
==== 5.10.0 (2021-12-07)
[float]
===== Features

> * Make server prefix URL used to make requests to the APM Server configurable: {issue}1078[#1078]

Reviewer: So in release notes, its good to eloborate on a specific feature than keeping it short. I would write this as 

```suggestion
* Introduce new config option `serverUrlPrefix` to make the APM server URL configurable: {issue}1078[#1078]
```

* Expose Transaction, Span, TransactionOptions and SpanOptions types definition: {issue}1045[#1045] and {issue}995[#995]

> * Set to empty string span destination deprecated fields: {issue}1098[#1098]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the values to empty string for deprecated span destination metrics: {issue}1098[#1098]
```
